Minor improvements for Clifford+T decomposition (#8056)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* Enforce various modules to follow modular architecture via `tach`.
  [(#7847)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7847)

> * Users can now specify a relative threshold value for the permissible operator norm error (`epsilon`) to
>   trigger rebuilding of the cache in the `qml.clifford_t_transform` via new `cache_eps_rtol` keyword argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Users can now specify a relative threshold value for the permissible operator norm error (`epsilon`) that
  triggers rebuilding of the cache in the `qml.clifford_t_transform`, via a new `cache_eps_rtol` keyword argument.
```
